#summary correct a translation
#labels Translation

= Correcting A Translation =

You may have played a campaign, and noticed an error, or a poor translation, and want to fix it. You can do this quite easily.

You will need [POEdit] (open-source translation tool) to do this.

==Getting the files and tools you need==

Go to [http://code.google.com/p/keeperfx/source/browse/#svn%2Ftrunk%2Fkeeperfx%2Flang%253Fstate%253Dclosed Language folder in KeeperFX source code tree] and you will see a list of the language files for the original campaign. Expand the menu on the left (click the triangle next to `‘lang’`) and the various KeeperFX campaigns will be visible. Select the campaign, and find and click to show the .po file for the language you wish to correct.

Then right-click on ‘save target as’, and download the file `‘text_xxx.po’` (where xxx is the language you wish to translate into). Also download the English template file, which is usually text_eng.pot

Download [POEdit] from its [http://www.poedit.net/download.php official site].

==Updating translation==

Start the POEdit software and choose ‘edit a translation’, and when prompted open the `text_xxx.po` file for the language you wish to amend.

You are now able to make changes, but before correcting any translations, go to:

`Catalogue -> update from pot file`

And when prompted choose the text_eng.pot file. When complete, this will highlight all pre-existing changes needed for the translation file, as it may have been changed since the first translation.

When the file is completed, e-mail it to Mefistotelis (see [http://keeper.lubiki.pl/html/contact.php contact information on his site]) for inclusion in the campaign. If you'd like to check the changes within the game by yourself, you need to [ConvertPoToDat convert the file to `.dat` format].