#summary General Information on Keeper FX
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

KeeperFX is an extensive mod for Dungeon Keeper.

It is written by fans and not supported by original developer.
It contains some of original Dungeon Keeper data, but many files
are also modified or remade.

= Installation of KeeperFX CCP =

KeeperFX CCP contains all the files necessary to play the game.
Decompress it anywhere, and it's ready to run. If you wish
to change language, edit "keeperfx.cfg" and set its shortcut
in the 'LANGUAGE=' line. Run "keeperfx.exe" to start the game.
If something doesn't work, see the 'troubleshooting' section.

Please note that there are two types of releases: complete
version and patch. You need a complete version to play the game;
a patch is only an additional feature, which you can use by
overwriting some files from complete version with new ones.

= Available languages =

The following languages are currently functional:
 ENG ITA FRE SPA DUT GER POL SWE
The following languages are partially functional:
 RUS CHI CHT JAP
Note that some campaigns may not support your language.
In this case, default language will be used inside this
campaign.

= Available screen resolutions =

To change available screen modes, edit "keeperfx.cfg".
Screen mode can be in a form WIDTHxHEIGHTxBPP which defines
fullscreen mode, or WIDTHxHEIGHTwBPP, which defines windowed
mode. When defining windowed mode, the BPP should be equal to
the colour depth on your desktop. It is not recommended to
mix fullscreen and windowed modes in one config file. 
There are two lines which define resolutions: 'FRONTEND_RES='
should have exactly 3 parameters and is used in the menu,
while 'INGAME_RES=' can have 1-5 parameters, which define
list of resolutions to switch between in the actual game.
Most stable modes are 640x400 and 640x480. Higher resolutions
may be sometimes unstable, especially in possession.

= Running KeeperFX =

To start the game, run "keeperfx.exe". If you want to report
any errors you encounter, you may run "keeperfx_dbg.exe"
instead. This will run a "debug version", which writes a lot of
information into "keeperfx.log". In case of the game hanging
on suddenly disappearing, you may send a last few lines of the
generated LOG to the author with your description of the bug.

Note that "keeperfx_dbg.exe" requires a lot more CPU than
standard version, and may be slow even on new computers.
Also, the generated LOG file may be very large, and after
a few hours of play it will have several hundreds megabytes.
This is why you should use standard "keeperfx.exe" if you're
not planning reporting any errors.

Both versions will recognize all command line options described
below.