#summary New In-Game Commands

= Introduction =

Completely new commands added by KeeperFX.

= Details =


Record a movie
  To record a FLC movie, press Shift+M during the game.
  A text "REC" will appear to inform you that recording
  is on (the text will not be visible in recorded movie).
  Note that only video is recorded, no sound. The movie
  will be placed in 'SCRSHOTS' folder; you may play it
  with "mplayer" or its clones. Note that the generated
  file may be large.

Make a screenshot
  Use the Shift+C keys to make screenshot. The image may
  be written in 'mhwanh' HSI/RAW format, or Windows BMP
  format. Format is chosen in KEEPERFX.CFG, 'SCREENSHOT='
  option, which may be set to 'HSI' or 'BMP'.

Make and replay packet file
  These functions can be only enabled by command line
  parameters. You can make a packet file which contains
  the replay with '-packetsave' command, and then play it
  with '-packetload'. When in the replay, you may always
  take over control by pressing Alt+T, or exit with Alt+X.

Release speed mode
  This mode is also available in original DK, but here it's
  a bit enhanced. Normally, the engine limits amount of
  game turns per second. This function allows to stop
  controlling speed - the game will work at its maximum speed,
  which highly depends on your computer hardware.
  To enter released speed mode, press Ctrl+'+' from numpad
  section of your keyboard. Pressing it more than once will
  increase frameskip - some of the frames will not be drawn,
  which will result in even greater increase in speed.
  To cancel the effect, press Ctrl+'-' as many times as you
  pressed Ctrl+'+' before.