#summary New and Modified Level Script Commands
#labels Mapmaking

= Introduction =

Level script commands that have a new or different meaning in KeeperFX can be found here.

This page can be treated as an addendrum to the [http://keeper.lubiki.pl/dk1_docs/dk_scripting_ref.htm script commands reference].

= Details =

==`ADD_GOLD_TO_PLAYER`==
  Allows to add some off-map gold as a reward to a player.
  Example:
{{{
ADD_GOLD_TO_PLAYER(PLAYER0,5000)
}}}

==`ALLY_PLAYERS`==
  Marks two players as allied, or ends the alliance. The
  difference to original DK is that this command takes 3
  parameters - 2 are players, and third one is 1 if the
  alliance is being created, and 0 if it is being broken.
  Note that computer players will not break the alliance
  by themselves, but human player may do so. So this command
  is mostly for controlling the computer players behaviour.
  Example:
{{{
ALLY_PLAYERS(PLAYER1,PLAYER2,1)
}}}
  Note: if you enable KeeperFX commands with `LEVEL_VERSION`,
  old `ALLY_PLAYERS` commands (without the extra parameter)
  will no longer work. Add a '1' to fix this.

==`BONUS_LEVEL_TIME`==
  Sets time to be displayed on "bonus timer" - on-screen
  time field, used mostly for bonus levels.
  Like in original DK, this command accepts one parameter
  - number of game turns to start the countdown from.
  But now this command can be used to show bonus timer in
  any level. Setting game turns to 0 will hide the timer.
  Example:
{{{
BONUS_LEVEL_TIME(12000)
}}}

==`CREATURE_AVAILABLE`==
  Tells the game whether a creature of specific kind can
  come through that player's Portal. Parameters of this
  command are changed to original, an now look like this:
{{{
  CREATURE_AVAILABLE(​[player],​[creature],​[can be attracted],​[amount forced])
}}}
  where:

  `[can be attracted]` - If set to 1, it is possible to attract
      the creature, either by rooms or by forced attraction.
      (so it works like 4th parameter in original command).

  `[amount forced]` - Amount of creatures of that kind which
      can be force-attracted (attracted even if player doesn't
      have rooms required by that creature). Originally
      there was no possibility to skip attraction conditions.

==`DISPLAY_INFORMATION`==
Displays one of the text messages from language-specific strings banks in an Information Box. Each Information Box stacks over previous messages, and can be removed by right clicking. It disappears automatically some time after has been read.
{{{
  DISPLAY_INFORMATION(​[a],​[place])
}}}
  where:

  `[a]` - The number of the message, assigned to it in .po or .pot translation file.

  `[place]` - Location where the view should be centered if the player clicks on the "zoom to" icon on the Message Panel. It can now have the following values:
  * `PLAYERx` - zoom to player's dungeon heart
  * positive integer - zoom to Action Point of given number
  * negative integer - zoom to Hero Gate of given number
  * `ALL_PLAYERS` - zoom button will be inactive

==`DISPLAY_OBJECTIVE`==
Displays one of the text messages from language-specific strings banks in an Objective Box. Each Objective Box replaces previous one, and cannot be removed from the messages list. It removes itself only after level is won or lost.
{{{
  DISPLAY_OBJECTIVE(​[a],​[place])
}}}
  where:

  `[a]` - The number of the message, assigned to it in .po or .pot translation file.

  `[place]` - Location where the view should be centered if the player clicks on the "zoom to" icon on the Message Panel. It can have the same values as in `DISPLAY_INFORMATION` command above.

==`IF_AVAILABLE`==
  Checks availability of an item for the player. New option values have been added to this command:
{{{
  IF_AVAILABLE(​[player],​[name]​[comparison]​[a])
}}}
  where:

  `[name]` -  The name of a creature, room, spell, trap or door.
  * Checking creature availability returns how many creatures of that kind can come from portal to that player. The check includes creature pool, players creature limit and whether attraction criteria are met.
  * Checking room availability returns whether the room can be built by a player. Cost of the room is not considered.
  * Checking spell availability returns whether the spell can be casted by a player. Cost of the spell is not considered.
  * Checking trap or door availability returns amount of traps and doors a player has stored, either in workshop or in off-map storage.

==`IF_CONTROLS`==
  Allows to execute commands based on the items a player controls.
{{{
  IF_CONTROLS(​[player],​[name]​[comparison]​[a])
}}}
  where:

  `[name]` -  The name of a creature. Returns how many creatures of given kind the player owns, excluding these under enemy control (in custody).

==`LEVEL_VERSION`==
  Lets the game know if the level was designed specially for
  KeeperFX. To use new script commands, you must start the
  script with `LEVEL_VERSION(1)`. Without it, the new commands
  will not work properly, and the game will try to emulate old
  behavior of commands which were modified.

==`PLAY_MESSAGE`==
  Allows to play any `SOUND` or `SPEECH` from the game.
  Example:
{{{
PLAY_MESSAGE(PLAYER0,SPEECH,107)
}}}

==`QUICK_INFORMATION`==
Works like `DISPLAY_INFORMATION`, but instead of using a string from translations, allows to type it directly.
{{{
  QUICK_INFORMATION(​[a],​["message"],[place])
}}}
  where:

  `[a]` -  Message slot selection. There are 50 quick message slots, and each message you're making should use a different one. Using one message slot twice will lead to the first message being lost.

  `["message"]` -  The message string to be shown in a box. Message
  length may be up to 1024 characters.

  `[place]` - Location where the view should be centered if the player clicks on the "zoom to" icon on the Message Panel. It can have the same values as in `DISPLAY_INFORMATION` command.

==`QUICK_OBJECTIVE`==
Works like `DISPLAY_OBJECTIVE`, but instead of using a string from translations, allows to type it directly.
{{{
  QUICK_OBJECTIVE(​[a],​["message"],[place])
}}}
Parameters have the same meaning as in `QUICK_INFORMATION` command.

==`QUICK_INFORMATION_WITH_POS`, `QUICK_OBJECTIVE_WITH_POS`==
  Accepts additional XY coordinates of the zoom place.

==`SET_CREATURE_TENDENCIES`==
  Allows to set tendencies: `IMPRISON` and `FLEE`, for a player's
  creatures. Example:
{{{
SET_CREATURE_TENDENCIES(PLAYER2,FLEE,1)
}}}
  Note that a player must have prison when `IMPRISON` command
  is triggered; otherwise it won't make any change.

==`SET_CREATURE_FEAR_WOUNDED`==
  Replacements for `SET_CREATURE_FEAR`. The value taken by this
  function is a percentage (0..100) and defines health drop
  required for the creature to escape from combat. A special
  value of 101 makes creature avoid any combat other than with
  one creature of the same kind.
  Example:
{{{
    REM Make Imp escape combat only when his health drops below half
    SET_CREATURE_FEAR_WOUNDED(IMP,50)
}}}

==`SET_CREATURE_FEAR_STRONGER`==
  Allows to define how many times stronger the enemy has to be
  for our creature to escape from combat. The value is in %.
  Example:
{{{
    REM Make Avatar fear any other creature which is twice as strong as him
    SET_CREATURE_FEAR_STRONGER(AVATAR,200)
}}}

==`REVEAL_MAP_RECT`==
  Reveals rectangular map area for given player. Requires
  coordinates of area center point, and rectangle dimensions.
  Numbers are scaled in subtiles (range is 1..254).
  Example:
{{{
    REVEAL_MAP_RECT(PLAYER0,132,96,13,11)
}}}

==`REVEAL_MAP_LOCATION`==
  Reveals square area of subtiles around given location.
  Location meaning is identical to the one in `DISPLAY_OBJECTIVE`.
  For example, to reveal Hero Gate no.1:
{{{
  REVEAL_MAP_LOCATION(PLAYER0,-1,11)
}}}

==`RESEARCH`==
  Changes amount of research points needed to discover an item
  in library. It doesn't affect research order, only amount
  of points. If the item never was in research list, it's added
  at end. Example:
{{{
    RESEARCH(PLAYER1,MAGIC,POWER_CHICKEN,10000)
}}}

==`RESEARCH_ORDER`==
  When this command is first called, the research list for
  specified players is cleared. Using it you may create
  a research list from beginning. Note that if you won't place
  an item on the list, it will not be possible to research it.
  So if you're using this command, you must add all items
  available on the level to the research list. Example:
{{{
   RESEARCH_ORDER(ALL_PLAYERS,ROOM,SCAVENGER,50000)
   [...] - more RESEARCH_ORDER commands should follow.
}}}

==`RANDOM`==
  It's not a command, but may be used instead of most parameters.
  If used instead of a number, then should look like:
{{{
   RANDOM(min,max)
}}}
  but may also be used instead of any other value. Examples:
{{{
    REM Human player will have random creature limit between 12 and 19
    MAX_CREATURES(PLAYER0,RANDOM(12,19))
    REM Random creature will be added to pool
    ADD_CREATURE_TO_POOL(RANDOM,20)
}}}
  Note that when used instead of player name, RANDOM may return
  ALL_PLAYERS. Also, the command shouldn't be used in multiplayer
  maps, as it will lead to synchronization problems.
  Value represented by RANDOM is selected at start of a map,
  and never changes during the gameplay.