#summary How to edit the Configuration File (keeperfx.cfg)

= Introduction =

Editing the configuration file is often a necessity, because with default screen resolution settings the game may not work.

The configuration file keeperfx.cfg can be edited with a normal text editor, such as Notepad or Wordpad. Take care if editing with an editor that supports formatting to save the result as plain text. 

= Common Commands =

FRONTEND_RES
  Allows you to select front-end resolution (used inside
  menu and for playing movies, but not in actual game)
  FRONTEND_RES=_failsafe-mode movies-mode menu-mode_

INGAME_RES
  Allows you to select up to five in-game resolutions.
  Resolution has the form of WIDTHxHEIGHTxBPP.
  Standard modes are: 320x200x8, 320x240x8, 512x384x8,
  640x400x8, 640x480x8, 800x600x8, 1024x768x8,
  1280x1024x8, 1600x1200x8. Different modes (ie.
  widescreen) may be used too, if only they are
  supported by your graphics card and video driver.
  You can switch between those resolutions during the
  gameplay by pressing Alt+R. Modes over 640x480 are
  experimental, and not completely stable.
  INGAME_RES=_mode1 mode2 mode3_ ....

SCREENSHOT
  Selects the format in which screenshots will be written.
  You can choose between BMP and HSI bitmap format.
  SCREENSHOT=_type_

LANGUAGE
  This option is used to select language file, used for
  displaying texts. It also changes language in mentor
  speeches. Note that if the specific campaign doesn't
  have support for your language, the default language
  will be used.