#summary Troubleshooting Keeper FX Problems

*Q:* Colors are changed in menu or during gameplay,
but no problem is mentioned in "keeperfx.log".
  A: Select "Run in 256 colors" and "Run in 640x480" in the
  program properties, and change lines in KEEPERFX.CFG
  into those written in next answer.

*Q:* Intro doesn't play. LOG file says:
Error: setup_game: Can't enter movies screen mode to play intro
  A: The problem is that your drivers can't support 320x200 mode.
  Change the resolution config lines in KEEPERFX.CFG
  into those written in next answer.

*Q:* The game is pixelated/works in low resolution mode only.
Can I make it work in higher resolutions?
  A: To switch resolutions during the game, press Alt+R.
  If the screen blanks, but resolution doesn't change,
  then the video mode used for higher resolution is probably
  not supported by your video card/driver. In that case,
  change the resolution config line in KEEPERFX.CFG into:
  INGAME_RES=320x200x8 640x480x8
  You may also try other resolutions, but those over 640x480
  may be unstable.

*Q:* Game stops when loading a map. LOG file says:
Error: setup_screen_mode: Unable to setup screen resolution
640x400x8 (mode 10) 
  A: The problem is that your drivers can't support 640x400 mode.
  Change the [TheConfigurationFile resolution config lines in KEEPERFX.CFG] into:
  FRONTEND_RES=640x480x8 640x480x8 640x480x8
  INGAME_RES=640x480x8

*Q:* The game doesn't run. LOG file says:
Error: setup_strings_data: Strings file couldn't be loaded
or is too small
  A: Check if there's a language file in 'FXDATA' folder for the
  language which you've selected in KEEPERFX.CFG.

*Q:* Mouse stops/teleports/moves incorrectly during the game.
  A: Try the '-altinput' command line switch.

*Q:* I get a message 'Cannot initialize' when I try to enter network game.
  A: KeeperFX does not support serial cable, modem and IPX multiplayer.
  Use standard, retail version of DK if you wish to play serial or
  modem game. Use standard DK with IPX fix (or DK Gold) if you wish
  to play IPX game. KeeperFX supports only TCP/IP protocol. 

*Q:* I'm having problems with TCP/IP multiplayer.
  A: See 'tcp_readme.txt' for more information about multiplayer.

*Q:* There are no special eye effects when I possess Beetle, Fly,
Dragon, Tentacle etc.!
  A: Lens effect only work if the game detects over 16MB RAM.
  Also, make sure that "fxdata/lenses.cfg" is present and not damaged.

*Q:* After some time of gameplay, many in-game elements stops working.
Creature spells and some keeper spells (ie. Create Imp spell) ain't
working. Same with placing traps/doors, and creating gold piles.
  A: The game has a limit for amount of 'things' - these 'things' are
  all the objects that generate sprites (graphic representations as
  an image). They are limited to 2047, and if all slots are taken,
  it's no longer possible to create spell shots, gold piles or doors.
  Creatures have additional limit - even if there are still free
  'thing' slots, they are limited to 255.

*Q:* What's the difference between 'keeperfx.exe' and 'keeperfx_dbg.exe'?
  A: These files are identical except of one thing: 'keeperfx_dbg.exe'
  writes A LOT of messages into 'keeperfx.log', allowing to trace
  any bugs and problems during the game. Because of the amount of data
  being written, the debug version, 'keeperfx_dbg.exe', is a few times
  slower than standard version, 'keeperfx.exe'. If you're not planning
  to report any bugs, you should use 'keeperfx.exe'.

*Q:* I've found a cheat menu, but it doesn't work!
  A: The three cheat menus are only partially functional.