#summary Voice Commands for Keeper Speech Module

= Grammar =
== Performing a "left click" via voice with Hand ==
This command is performed just as if you had clicked the left mouse button.
==== Syntax: ====
{{{
Up | (Left Click?)
}}}

== Performing a "right click" via voice with Hand ==
This command is performed just as if you had clicked the right mouse button.
==== Syntax: ====
{{{
Down | (Right Click?)
}}}

== Viewing dungeon info (opening Info panel) ==
==== Syntax: ====
{{{
[Display | Show | View] [Dungeon | General] Info | Information
[Menu | Page | Pane | Panel | Tab | View]
}}}

== Viewing rooms (opening Room panel) ==
==== Syntax: ====
{{{
[Display | Show | View] Room | Rooms [Menu | Page | Pane | Panel | Tab | View]
}}}

== Viewing spells/magic powers (opening Spell panel) ==
==== Syntax: ====
{{{
[Display | Show | View] Magic | Power | Powers | Spell | Spells
[Menu | Page | Pane | Panel | Tab | View]
}}}

== Viewing traps and doors (opening Trap & Door panel) ==
==== Syntax: ====
{{{
[Display | Show | View] Door | Doors | Trap | Traps | Workshop Items
[Menu | Page | Pane | Panel | Tab | View]
}}}

== Viewing creatures (opening Monster panel) ==
==== Syntax: ====
{{{
[Display | Show | View] Creature | Creatures | Minion | Minions | Monster | 
Monsters
[Menu | Page | Pane | Panel | Tab | View]
}}}

== Selecting a room ==
Use this command to select a room type to be built.
==== Syntax: ====
{{{
[Build | Choose | Make | Select] Treasure | Treasury | Library | Jail | Prison | 
(Torture Chamber?) | Train | Training | Factory | 
Workshop | Scavenge | Scavenger | Scavenging | 
Shrine | Temple | Cemetery | Grave | Graveyard | 
Barrack | Barracks | Hatch | Hatchery | Lair | 
Bridge | (( Guard | Guarding ) Post?)
Room?
}}}

== Selecting a spell/magic power ==
Use this command to select a spell or power, which can then be used. (Like from spell panel.)
==== Syntax: ====
{{{
[Cast | Choose | Invoke | Make | Select | Use] (Create Imp | Imp | Spawn | Spawn Imp) | (Enslave | Must Obey | Obey) | 
(Evil Sight | Far Sight | Sight | Sight of Evil) | 
(Alarm | Call to Arms | Raise Alarm | to Arms) | 
(( Bring Down | Call Down | Cave Down | Cave In )
[Ceiling | Roof]) | 
(Cure | Heal | Heal Creature | Health | Miracle | 
Restore Health) | 
(Hold? ( Audience | Meeting )) | (( Lightning | Thunder ) [Bolt | Strike]) | 
(( Accelerate | Speed | Speed Up ) Monster?) | (( Armor | Armour | Defend | Protect ) Monster?) | 
(( Conceal | Hide | Invisibility | Invisible )
Monster?) | 
(Cancer | Curse | Ebola | Ill | Illness | Malaria | 
Sick | Sickness | Syphilis) | 
Chicken | (( Break | Bring Down | Crush | Destroy ) Dungeon?
[Wall | Walls]) | 
(( Bewitch | Enter | Possess ) [Body | Creature | Mind | Soul | Spirit]) | 
(Armageddon | End of the World | Ragnarrok | 
The Final Battle)
[Magic | Power | Spell]
}}}

== Picking up an idle creature ==
Use this command to pick up an idle creature of a certain kind (like on the creature panel).
==== Syntax: ====
{{{
Acquire | (Get Up?) | Obtain | (Pick Up?) | Raise | (Take Up?)
[a | an | any | one] Idle | Inactive | Lazy | Sleeping | Unemployed
Archer | Bowman | Avatar | Barbarian | (Bile Demon?) | 
Beetle | Bug | (Dark? ( Lady | Mistress )) | Demonspawn | 
Dragonspawn | Lizard | Dragon | Serpent | Dwarf | 
Midget | Fairy | Fly | Ghost | Spirit | Wraith | 
Giant | (Hell? Hound) | (Horned? Reaper) | Horny | 
Imp | Knight | Lord | Monk | Priest | Orc | Ninja | 
Samurai | Skeleton | (Evil? Mage) | Sorceror | 
Spider | Tentacle | Robber | Thief | Goblin | 
Troll | Tunneller | Vampire | Bitch | Witch | 
Good Mage | Wizard
}}}

== Picking up a working creature ==
Use this command to pick up a working creature of a certain kind (like on the creature panel).
==== Syntax: ====
{{{
Acquire | (Get Up?) | Obtain | (Pick Up?) | Raise | (Take Up?)
[a | an | any | one] Active | Employed | Working Archer | Bowman | Avatar | Barbarian | (Bile Demon?) | 
Beetle | Bug | (Dark? ( Lady | Mistress )) | Demonspawn | 
Dragonspawn | Lizard | Dragon | Serpent | Dwarf | 
Midget | Fairy | Fly | Ghost | Spirit | Wraith | 
Giant | (Hell? Hound) | (Horned? Reaper) | Horny | 
Imp | Knight | Lord | Monk | Priest | Orc | Ninja | 
Samurai | Skeleton | (Evil? Mage) | Sorceror | 
Spider | Tentacle | Robber | Thief | Goblin | 
Troll | Tunneller | Vampire | Bitch | Witch | 
Good Mage | Wizard
}}}

== Picking up a fighting creature ==
Use this command to pick up a fighting creature of a certain kind (like on the creature panel).
==== Syntax: ====
{{{
Acquire | (Get Up?) | Obtain | (Pick Up?) | Raise | (Take Up?)
[a | an | any | one] (( Fighting | Battling | Warring ) Archer | Bowman | Avatar | Barbarian | (Bile Demon?) | 
Beetle | Bug | (Dark? ( Lady | Mistress )) | Demonspawn | 
Dragonspawn | Lizard | Dragon | Serpent | Dwarf | 
Midget | Fairy | Fly | Ghost | Spirit | Wraith | 
Giant | (Hell? Hound) | (Horned? Reaper) | Horny | 
Imp | Knight | Lord | Monk | Priest | Orc | Ninja | 
Samurai | Skeleton | (Evil? Mage) | Sorceror | 
Spider | Tentacle | Robber | Thief | Goblin | 
Troll | Tunneller | Vampire | Bitch | Witch | 
Good Mage | Wizard) | 
(Archer | Bowman | Avatar | Barbarian | (Bile Demon?) | 
Beetle | Bug | (Dark? ( Lady | Mistress )) | Demonspawn | 
Dragonspawn | Lizard | Dragon | Serpent | Dwarf | 
Midget | Fairy | Fly | Ghost | Spirit | Wraith | 
Giant | (Hell? Hound) | (Horned? Reaper) | Horny | 
Imp | Knight | Lord | Monk | Priest | Orc | Ninja | 
Samurai | Skeleton | (Evil? Mage) | Sorceror | 
Spider | Tentacle | Robber | Thief | Goblin | 
Troll | Tunneller | Vampire | Bitch | Witch | 
Good Mage | Wizard
in a? ( Battle | Combat | Fight ))
}}}

== Picking up a creature ==
Use this command to pick up a creature of a certain kind (like on the creature panel), regardless of its current activity.
==== Syntax: ====
{{{
Acquire | (Get Up?) | Obtain | (Pick Up?) | Raise | (Take Up?)
[a | an | any | one] Archer | Bowman | Avatar | Barbarian | (Bile Demon?) | 
Beetle | Bug | (Dark? ( Lady | Mistress )) | Demonspawn | 
Dragonspawn | Lizard | Dragon | Serpent | Dwarf | 
Midget | Fairy | Fly | Ghost | Spirit | Wraith | 
Giant | (Hell? Hound) | (Horned? Reaper) | Horny | 
Imp | Knight | Lord | Monk | Priest | Orc | Ninja | 
Samurai | Skeleton | (Evil? Mage) | Sorceror | 
Spider | Tentacle | Robber | Thief | Goblin | 
Troll | Tunneller | Vampire | Bitch | Witch | 
Good Mage | Wizard
}}}

----
= Legend =
{{{
Forced precedence: (like this)
Option: [like this] or (like this)?
List: like | this
}}}